Application connections tech preview (A.K.A. MCP OAuth) (#7104)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/_snippets/app-connection-permissions.md

> All application connections mirror the permissions of the user that authorizes the connection. If you approve the connection and you have read and write permissions, then so will your Agent. 

Reviewer: We introduce `Agent` unexpectedly in a set of docs that talks about MCP Hosts, MCP Servers, MCP Clients, OAuth clients and flows, application connections....

In this context Agent is the MCP Host, but I understand maybe we want this snippet to be reutilized in more types of app connections. What about "connected application"? or "conected agent" without capital `A`?

If you feel we have properly introduced `Agent` in this ecosystem then we can ignore my comment, but I haven't seen it yet.

When a user's permissions change, the change applies on the next token refresh; changes to a custom role apply immediately.

> It is possible to use a secondary user with limited permissions to limit the permissions of your agent. Permissions follow the user that approves the connection, so ensure that the second user is logged in before approving the connection. This does not need to be the same account that is used to create the OAuth client and manage the application connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a secondary user with limited permissions to restrict what the connected application can access. Permissions follow the user who authorizes the connection, so ensure that user is signed in before approving it. This user does not need to be the same account used to create the OAuth client or manage application connections.
```

Changing the word `agent` and rephrasing a bit, for your consideration.
We could also change `OAuth client` to `MCP OAuth client`, but if this snippet needs to be reusable it's ok as it it.
